The MSSP_Benchmark.jar is a program designed to generate MSSP instances based on user configuration. 

It can also evaluate solutions provided to it. The program is capable of performing both actions based on
the arguments it has received.

To do instance generation:

java -jar .\MSSP_Benchmark.jar gen config.txt

The first argument is the gen string that tells it to perform generation. It is case sensitive. The 
second argument is the config file that contains the configurations for the generator.

The format of the config file is as follows:
type: description of the set of data you are creating. Included in the file name.
num instances: number of instances to generate
cost limit
time limit
num actors
num scenes
num locations
lower wage bound, upper wage bound
lower scene duration bound, upper scene duration bound
lower scene transition cost bound, upper scene transition cost bound
lower location transfer time bound, upper location transfer time bound

To do function evaluation:

java -jar .\MSSP_Benchmark.jar eval sols.txt instances.txt

The first argument is the eval string that tells it to perform function evaluation. It is case sensitive. 
The second argument is the file containing the solutions. Each solution is a string formatted to a given 
structure with one solution per line. 

The third argument is the file containing the instance data for each solution to be evaluated on. The first
solution is going to be evaluated with the first instance and so on. Each solution must have an instance
associated with it in order to evaluate properly. The instances should conform to the structure detailed
in the readme. The file names should correspond to the names in the local directory. They can be named as you wish
but it is important to keep the ordering correct.

The format of the solutions is as follows: x,y,...,z

The format is a comma-delimited list of integers. Each is a scene from the scene list, starting from 0 index.

An example of a 5 scene solution would be 0,3,2,1,4
